add tutorial for rerank pipeline with Cohere rerank model (#2134)
opensearch-project/ml-commons: docs/tutorials/rerank/rerank_pipeline_with_Cohere_Rerank_model.md

            "post_process_function": "connector.post_process.cohere.rerank"
        }
    ]
}
```
Use the connector ID from the response to create a model:
```
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_register?deploy=true
{
    "name": "cohere rerank model",
    "function_name": "remote",
    "description": "test rerank model",
    "connector_id": "your_connector_id"
}
```
Note the model ID in the response; you will use it in the following steps.

Test the model using the Predict API:
```
POST _plugins/_ml/models/your_model_id/_predict
{
  "parameters": {
    "query": "What is the capital of the United States?",
    "documents": [
      "Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada.",
      "The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean. Its capital is Saipan.",
      "Washington, D.C. (also known as simply Washington or D.C., and officially as the District of Columbia) is the capital of the United States. It is a federal district.",
      "Capital punishment (the death penalty) has existed in the United States since beforethe United States was a country. As of 2017, capital punishment is legal in 30 of the 50 states."
    ],

>     "top_n": 4

Author: Sure, good point

  }
}
```
Sample response:

Explanation of the response:
1. The response contains 4 `similarity` outputs. For each `similarity` output, the `data` array contains a relevance score between each document and the query.
2. The `similarity` outputs are provided in the order of the input documents; the first result of similarity pertains to the first document.
This differs from the default output of the Cohere Rerank model, which orders documents by relevance scores.
The document order is changed in the `connector.post_process.cohere.rerank` post-processing function in order to make the output compatible with a reranking pipeline.
```
{
  "inference_results": [
    {
      "output": [
        {

>           "name": "similarity",

Reviewer: I think it's worth mentioning in the explanation that even though the `inference_results.output.data_type` says float32, its not representative of the embeddings defined in the connector (`int8`)

{ "index": { "_index": "my-test-data" } }
{ "passage_text" : "The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean. Its capital is Saipan." }
{ "index": { "_index": "my-test-data" } }
{ "passage_text" : "Washington, D.C. (also known as simply Washington or D.C., and officially as the District of Columbia) is the capital of the United States. It is a federal district." }
{ "index": { "_index": "my-test-data" } }
{ "passage_text" : "Capital punishment (the death penalty) has existed in the United States since beforethe United States was a country. As of 2017, capital punishment is legal in 30 of the 50 states." }

```
### 2.2 Create reranking pipeline
```
PUT /_search/pipeline/rerank_pipeline_cohere
{
    "description": "Pipeline for reranking with Cohere Rerank model",
    "response_processors": [
        {
            "rerank": {
                "ml_opensearch": {
                    "model_id": "your_model_id_created_in_step1"
                },
                "context": {
                    "document_fields": ["passage_text"]
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```
### 2.2 Test reranking

```

> GET my-test-data/_search?search_pipeline=rerank_pipeline_cohere

Author: No, but user can use `size` parameter in OpenSearch query, check the latest commit

# Topic

> Rerank Pipeline is a feature released in OpenSearch 2.12. It can rerank the search result with the relevance score between search query and each document in search result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reranking pipeline is a feature released in OpenSearch 2.12. It can rerank search results, providing a relevance score for each document in the search results with respect to the search query.
```

> The relevance score will be calculated by some cross-encoder model. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The relevance score is calculated by a cross-encoder model. 
```

> This tutorial explains how to use [Cohere Rerank](https://docs.cohere.com/reference/rerank-1) model in Rerank Pipeline (todo: add doc link). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to use the [Cohere Rerank](https://docs.cohere.com/reference/rerank-1) model in a reranking pipeline (todo: add doc link). 
```

Note: Replace the placeholders that start with `your_` with your own values.

# Steps

## 1. Create Cohere Rerank model

> Create connector

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a connector:
```

```
POST /_plugins/_ml/connectors/_create
{
    "name": "cohere-rerank",
    "description": "The connector to Cohere reanker model",
    "version": "1",
    "protocol": "http",
    "credential": {
        "cohere_key": "your_cohere_api_key"
    },
    "parameters": {
        "model": "rerank-english-v2.0"
    },
    "actions": [
        {
            "action_type": "predict",
            "method": "POST",
            "url": "https://api.cohere.ai/v1/rerank",
            "headers": {
                "Authorization": "Bearer ${credential.cohere_key}"
            },
            "request_body": "{ \"documents\": ${parameters.documents}, \"query\": \"${parameters.query}\", \"model\": \"${parameters.model}\", \"top_n\": ${parameters.top_n} }",
            "pre_process_function": "connector.pre_process.cohere.rerank",
            "post_process_function": "connector.post_process.cohere.rerank"
        }
    ]
}
```

> Use the connector id in response to create model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the connector ID from the response to create a model:
```

```
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_register?deploy=true
{
    "name": "cohere rerank model",
    "function_name": "remote",
    "description": "test rerank model",
    "connector_id": "your_connector_id"
}
```

> Note the model id in response, will use it in following steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note the model ID in the response; you will use it in the following steps.
```

> Test model with predict API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test the model using the Predict API:
```

```
POST _plugins/_ml/models/your_model_id/_predict
{
  "parameters": {
    "query": "What is the capital of the United States?",
    "documents": [
      "Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada.",
      "The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean. Its capital is Saipan.",
      "Washington, D.C. (also known as simply Washington or D.C., and officially as the District of Columbia) is the capital of the United States. It is a federal district.",
      "Capital punishment (the death penalty) has existed in the United States since beforethe United States was a country. As of 2017, capital punishment is legal in 30 of the 50 states."
    ],
    "top_n": 4
  }
}
```

> Sample response

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sample response:
```

Explanation of the response:

> 1. The response contains 4 `similarity` output. For each `similarity` output, the `data` array contains relevance score between each doc and query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The response contains 4 `similarity` outputs. For each `similarity` output, the `data` array contains a relevance score between each document and the query.
```

> 2. The `similarity` output corresponds to the order of the input documents; the first result of similarity pertains to the first document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The `similarity` outputs are provided in the order of the input documents; the first result of similarity pertains to the first document.
```

> This differs from the default 'Cohere Re-rank' model, which prioritizes documents with higher relevance scores at the top.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This differs from the default output of the Cohere Rerank model, which orders documents by relevance scores.
```

> The order is changed by the post process function `connector.post_process.cohere.rerank`. This is to keep compatible with Rerank Pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The document order is changed in the `connector.post_process.cohere.rerank` post-processing function in order to make the output compatible with a reranking pipeline.
```

```
{
  "inference_results": [
    {
      "output": [
        {
          "name": "similarity",
          "data_type": "FLOAT32",
          "shape": [
            1
          ],
          "data": [
            0.10194652
          ]
        },
        {
          "name": "similarity",
          "data_type": "FLOAT32",
          "shape": [
            1
          ],
          "data": [
            0.0721122
          ]
        },
        {
          "name": "similarity",
          "data_type": "FLOAT32",
          "shape": [
            1
          ],
          "data": [
            0.98005307
          ]
        },
        {
          "name": "similarity",
          "data_type": "FLOAT32",
          "shape": [
            1
          ],
          "data": [
            0.27904198
          ]
        }
      ],
      "status_code": 200
    }
  ]
}
```

> ## 2. Rerank Pipeline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 2. Reranking pipeline
```

### 2.1 Ingest test data
```
POST _bulk
{ "index": { "_index": "my-test-data" } }
{ "passage_text" : "Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada." }
{ "index": { "_index": "my-test-data" } }
{ "passage_text" : "The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean. Its capital is Saipan." }
{ "index": { "_index": "my-test-data" } }
{ "passage_text" : "Washington, D.C. (also known as simply Washington or D.C., and officially as the District of Columbia) is the capital of the United States. It is a federal district." }
{ "index": { "_index": "my-test-data" } }
{ "passage_text" : "Capital punishment (the death penalty) has existed in the United States since beforethe United States was a country. As of 2017, capital punishment is legal in 30 of the 50 states." }

```

> ### 2.2 Create Rerank Pipeline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 2.2 Create reranking pipeline
```

```
PUT /_search/pipeline/rerank_pipeline_cohere
{
    "description": "Pipeline for reranking with Cohere Rerank model",
    "response_processors": [
        {
            "rerank": {
                "ml_opensearch": {
                    "model_id": "your_model_id_created_in_step1"
                },
                "context": {
                    "document_fields": ["passage_text"]
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

> ### 2.2 Test rerank

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 2.2 Test reranking
```

```
GET my-test-data/_search?search_pipeline=rerank_pipeline_cohere
{
  "query": {
    "match_all": {}
  },
  "ext": {
    "rerank": {
      "query_context": {
         "query_text": "What is the capital of the United States?"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> Response

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Response:
```

        "_source": {
          "passage_text": "Washington, D.C. (also known as simply Washington or D.C., and officially as the District of Columbia) is the capital of the United States. It is a federal district."
        }
      },
      {
        "_index": "my-test-data",
        "_id": "zrUOw40B8vrNLhb9vBif",
        "_score": 0.27904198,
        "_source": {
          "passage_text": "Capital punishment (the death penalty) has existed in the United States since beforethe United States was a country. As of 2017, capital punishment is legal in 30 of the 50 states."
        }
      },
      {
        "_index": "my-test-data",
        "_id": "y7UOw40B8vrNLhb9vBif",
        "_score": 0.10194652,
        "_source": {
          "passage_text": "Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada."
        }
      },
      {
        "_index": "my-test-data",
        "_id": "zLUOw40B8vrNLhb9vBif",
        "_score": 0.0721122,
        "_source": {
          "passage_text": "The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean. Its capital is Saipan."
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "profile": {
    "shards": []
  }
}
```

> Test without Rerank Pipeline:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test without reranking pipeline:
```

```
GET my-test-data/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match_all": {}
  },
  "ext": {
    "rerank": {
      "query_context": {
         "query_text": "What is the capital of the United States?"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> Response:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> We can see the response returns ""Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevad" at top which is wrong.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first document in the response is `Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada`, which is incorrect.
```
